♪ Sunday, Monday, happy days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
happy days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, happy days ♪
♪ The weekend comes,
my cycle hums ♪
♪ Ready to race to you ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- ♪ Happy and free ♪
- ♪ Oh, happy days ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- I Share them with me I
- S Oh, baby a'
♪ Good-bye, gray sky,
hello, blue ♪
♪ There's nothing can hold me
when I hold you ♪
♪ It feels so right
it can't be wrong ♪
♪ Rocking and rolling
all week long ♪
(organ solo plays
over rhythmic handclaps)
♪ Sunday, Monday, happy days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
happy days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, happy days ♪
♪ Saturday, what a day ♪
♪ Groovin' all week with you ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- ♪ Share them with me ♪
- ♪ Oh, happy days ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- I Happy and free I
- S Oh, baby a'
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
♪ These happy days are yours ♪
♪ And mine, Happy Days! ♪
Happy Days is filmed
before a studio audience.
Decent pay for musicians.
Pass him by, folks.
Yeah, we're on strike.
Boycott Al.
Hi.
What's going on? What happened
to the negotiations with Al?
Rich, talk's cheap
and Al's cheaper.
- We're men of action.
- That's right.
Yeah, but, look, a strike...
Why don't you try again,
all right?
And just remember
that in negotiations
both sides have got
to give a little bit.
POTSIE:
Mmm.
Why, you remember Henry Clay,
right, the Great Compromiser?
Oh, right. He died a pauper.
Oh, give it another shot,
would you?
Hey, Al.
Aw.
Has it come to this?
Look, the-the guys want to
negotiate some more, all right?
Okay. All right.
Fellas, you heard my offer.
Now what do you say?
Go suck an egg.
Oh, yeah? Well, the same to you.
Negotiate, huh?
(blows raspberry)
-(blowing raspberries)
- All right, all right,
that's a start.
Uh, we'll continue this session
later, right?
All right...
yeah... uh!
Get over here.
Not in front of a minor,
-you know what I mean?
-(snaps fingers)
All right. Let me introduce you
to some of my pals here.
Hey. How are you?
This is Bobby, you know?
Peggy's little boy.
Hey, Fonz, what,
did you hire someone
to work on small engines?
Ha, ha, ha.
You get it? With the...
Even in labor disputes,
I still got it.
You must be Ralph.
Hey, hey, he knows you.
(chuckles)
- Yeah, that's right-- and this
here is Potsie, right? -Hi.
- And Richie Cunningham,
good friend. -Hi, Bobby.
All right, guys,
watch this, watch this--
he's gonna knock your socks off.
Give me five.
Put it in your pocket
and don't let nobody hock it.
Whoa.
Well, he's a regular
Shakespeare.
Better, better.
He rhymes.
The Champ taught it to me.
Yeah, well, see, now,
he calls me the Champ
and I call him Kemosabe.
Hey, Kemosabe.
That's really cute.
(chuckles)
Hey, there, Kemosabe.
- Hold it, Weber.
- Yeah?
I call him Kemosabe.
- Ah.
- Right, Fonz.
Hi, there, Bobby.
Thank you.
The jukebox. Can I?
Yeah, let's give it a shot.
(rock 'n' roll song playing)
I did it, Champ!
Yeah, you sure did.
You knocked my socks off.
Why don't we sit down and take
a load off our feet, all right?
Yeah.
Hey, you guys gonna join us?
- Oh, thanks, Fonz.
- Uh, we'd like to Fonz,
-but we got union biz.
- Right.
Get right up in there.
What's with Huey and Dewey?
Ignore 'em, Fonz.
Everybody else is.
BOBBY:
Hey, there's Mom. Hi, Mom.
Hiya, Bobby.
Whoa.
Having fun?
Sure, I'm with the Champ.
Yeah, this is my good friend
Richie Cunningham.
And my good friend Peggy Clark.
How do you do?
Hey, you got a great kid here.
Great? Fabumundo.
We have great times together,
don't we? (chuckles)
Well, we have fabulous times
together too, yeah.
I mean, a little bit different,
you know?
Forget it. Forget it.
Have I got a time planned
for us tonight.
Yeah, what's cookin'?
- Got, uh, movies?
- No.
- Dinner?
- No...
- Dancing...
- Mm-mm.
I thought that we'd all go
to an amusement park.
How's that, huh? Want to go
to an amusement park?
Come on, Mom, we're going
to an amusement park.
- Hey, Fonz, an amusement park?
- Yeah.
All right.
Well, don't worry about it.
He usually gets lost.
Oh, Howard.
Well, I... What-what is wrong
with getting excited
at my first auction?
This is what's wrong, Marion.
It's nostalgia.
And it's gonna give the living
room a whole new look.
It already has.
Now, where shall we put it?
Oh, oh. You guys.
You are not going
to believe this.
Flash, Jenny Piccalo
just told me
that Fonzie is secretly married.
What?!
He has a kid and everything.
Oh, Joanie, don't be ridiculous.
Fonzie is not married.
Well, I don't know
why he never told us.
Marion, are you gonna believe
Jenny Piccalo?
Dad...
scoop-wise, Jenny Piccalo is,
uh, better
than a gossip columnist.
And just about as accurate.
Well, she did know about Liz
and Eddie before Debbie did.
That's right.
That's a beautiful new lamp.
Gives the place
a whole new look.
Oh, Arthur.
Yeah, Mrs. C., what?
We know your secret.
The cat's out of the bag.
Well, I-l knew that was gonna
happen to me sometime, you know?
- You mean it's true?
- Told you so.
Well, now,
I got one problem here.
Exactly what secret is this
we're talking about?
Well, uh, about you being
married and having a child.
Oh, that one.
I only got one problem
with that one.
Come on, Fonz.
Jenny has seen you all over town
with this woman
and-and little boy.
True. Very, very true.
Oh, Arthur.
Howard, we've got to get them
a special wedding present.
Let's give 'em the lamp.
Uh, I'd rather give you, uh,
an explanation, you know?
Like, uh, I met
this fabulous girl, right?-
Peggy Clark-- and she's got
this incredible little boy,
who happens to be most enamored
with me.
- Joanie...
- Right. (chuckles)
I have a lot of rumor-squelching
to do.
- Mm-hmm.
- Sorry, Fonz.
You know, that Jenny Pier-Mo
sure is a gossip.
But what about Peggy's husband?
Gone.
Aw, to be widowed
and with a child.
Oh, no, no, no, Mrs. C.,
not that kind of gone.
Gone, like a bum;
Splitsville; separated.
Went out for ice cream two years
ago and never came back.
Well, that is one of the nicest
things about Howard.
Whenever he goes out,
he always comes back.
Yeah, look, uh, the reason
I came down here,
you know, you being parents
and everything,
I got Bobby playing upstairs,
right?
Now, he's asking me
a lot of questions, you know?
His latest one is,
"Where do babies come from?"
Now, what do you tell a kid?
Oh, well, that's, uh, uh...
Marion?
Yes.
Uh... Howard?
I get your drift.
I know exactly
what I'm gonna do.
I'm going back upstairs.
Every time
he asks me a question,
I'll make him some popcorn.
I'll ignore the whole subject,
just like parents do, you know.
Whoa, hey!
All right, I'll hold it,
you turn it there, right?
- Looks good.
- Yeah.
Hey, you never did tell me
where babies come from.
Uh-oh.
Never mind.
I don't want any more popcorn.
Smart kid, huh?
Well, I think the bridge
is ready now, huh?
You do the honors.
Okay.
(sings fanfare)
The Champ Kemosabe Bridge
is now open!
Hey, all right.
Lift it up.
Now we need a boat
to come through.
A boat, yeah.
What am I gonna use for a boat?
Can you be a boat, Champ?
You want me to be a boat, huh?
All right, I'll be a boat.
First thing I got to do,
you understand,
is, uh, just check for,
uh, stowaways, you know.
Just be a minute.
And I'll, uh... I'll just pull
these down here, you know,
batten down my hatches, right?
Always got to
batten down the hatch.
Want me to be a boat?
(chuckles)
(clears throat)
(imitating boat engine)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(imitating boat horn):
Toot! Toot!
How's that, huh?
It was great,
except for the toot.
Yeah, you don't have a hoot
for my toot, huh?
(chuckles)
All right, look.
I didn't like it either myself.
I'll give you another toot,
all right?
(deeper):
Toot! Toot!
How's that?
Great. Hey, you're fun.
Yeah? Well, I think
you're fun, too, you know.
Yeah. Toot, toot, toot,
toot, toot, toot, toot.
(Fonzie laughs)
You sure made a good bridge.
I tell you, we made it together,
didn't we?
Yeah, I bet you and your dad
built a lot of bridges together.
I never built nothing
with my father.
Why not?
Because you and me,
we're the same, you know.
Our old men ran out on us
when we were just little tykes.
Really?
I just Said it, didn't I?
- Champ?
- Yeah.
Do you ever miss your dad?
Did I ever miss my dad, huh?
No.
I never missed my dad.
And you know what?
I'm never gonna let you miss
your dad either. You know why?
Because we got each other now.
Whoa.
(laughs)
All right, King Kong
over the bridge! Whoa!
(knocking on door)
Hi, Fonzie.
Hey.
You having fun?
Fun? Looking for
structural defects is not fun.
It's a very responsible job.
Where's Bobby?
With a babysitter.
Uh-oh.
Bridge work is done.
Why don't you just
plant one right here.
I'll do the planting.
It's all right.
Why do I sense a good-bye
in those lips?
(sighing):
Fonzie...
Robert,
my husband, and I...
we're getting back together.
Well, he finally
brought back the ice cream--
little mushy
after three years.
Fonzie, please.
Robert's changed.
Hey, hey, hey, people don't
change just like that.
Robert has.
He's got a good job now.
He wants to make it up
to me and Bobby.
He wants another chance.
Well, let me ask you
the all-important question then.
What do you want?
I want another chance, too.
I still love him.
I didn't see you say that.
I do.
Hey, hey, hey, I believe you.
You got the Fonzarelli
seal of approval, you know?
I hope you're very happy
together, you two.
I knew you'd understand.
Thank you for being there
when I needed you.
I'm that kind of a guy.
Why don't you bring
the Kemosabe up here;
we'll celebrate
one last time, right?
- No, Fonz.
- No, Fonz?
What's it, he in bed?
Look, Fonzie, you can't
see Bobby anymore.
I can't see Bobby anymore?
Hey, look at this.
Look at this, huh?
That's right, I posed
for five minutes like that.
I couldn't move a muscle,
you know.
I think he did a very good job.
- Yeah, it's beautiful.
- Yeah.
There are six more
like it at home.
Yeah?
Bobby's got to get
to know his father now.
And he can't do that if he
spends all of his time with you.
You can't see Bobby anymore.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah, right.
(door opening)
(door closes)
You're right. I can't spend
the rest of my life,
you know, just playing
with some little kid, you know?
♪ Do, ah. ♪
RICHIE:
Okay, all right, Mom, Dad?
I-I want you to let me know,
uh, what you think here.
About what, dear?
My mustache. My mustache.
Oh, yes!
The light just hit it.
Well, it's only
about 12-and-a-half days old.
Well, I think
it looks very gallant.
Oh, thanks.
Lori Beth likes it, too.
HOWARD:
Mm.
Oh, good, you're here.
All right, look, we're gonna
form a posse, all right?
Better yet, we're all gonna
split up-- come on, let's go.
Posse?! Wait a minute,
what are you talking about?
What's wrong, Fonzie?
- What, Bobby-- he just ran away,
you know. -What?
And Peggy calls me up half
hysterical. I'm going nutso.
Arthur, Arthur, calm down.
Now take a deep breath.
(Fonzie inhales
and exhales deeply)
I mean, where could he be?
You know, where could he go?
When I get my hands on him...
BOBBY:
Hey, Champ, you up there?
I've been looking all over
for him, and he's outside.
Come here.
Where were you?
I've been looking for you.
- I miss you, Champ.
- Don't you have...
You missed me? He missed me.
Aw...
It's boring at home.
Robert's no fun.
Can't even build a bridge.
He can't even
build a bridge, huh?
Of course not.
You missed me.
I want to be with you.
Yeah, I want to be
with you, too, yeah.
Uh, look, Fonzie,
don't you think you ought to
call his mother
and let her know he's okay?
Absolutely, absolutely.
She must have the police
out on a manhunt.
Kid-hunt.
All right, look, just stay
with Richie, all right?
- Okay, come on, Bobby.
- Keep an arm on him.
Right. Why don't you
sit right over here.
Look, I want you to meet
my parents, okay?
That's my mom, that's my dad.
Hi, Bobby.
Oh, you poor little thing-- out
at night, you're just freezing.
I'll make you
a cup of hot cocoa.
Oh, that'll be nice.
Your mom and dad
were very worried about you.
I wanted to see Fonzie.
He's my friend.
Yeah, right.
You know, uh, your dad
can be your friend, too.
Sure, Richie and I used to do
a lot of things together.
We used to go
fishing and camping.
We used to save snowballs
and put them in the freezer.
- Save snowballs?
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Course then, by summer,
they'd always turn to ice.
Too bad.
Well, life goes on.
But, Bobby, see,
the thing of it is
that your father left for
a while, see, but he's back now.
You know, Bobby, maybe you ought
to give your father a chance.
- Why?
Throughout the ages...
...the bond between
father and son has always been
one of mutual need and respect.
Understand?
Cocoa will be ready any minute.
No time, Mrs. C.
We gotta go.
Come on, Bobby,
I got to take you home.
- You gotta?
- Yeah, I-l gotta.
Can't you stop by the garage?
No, tomorrow we'll stop by
the garage, all right?
Here, put on my helmet.
All right, safety first, right?
Your head needs to grow
a little bit.
Hey, when we go
to the garage tomorrow,
no looking at pinups, all right?
Good-bye, everybody.
I can't see you, but thanks.
Bye, Bobby.
Come on, let's go.
Whew!
Well, that is
the cutest little boy.
Tomorrow? Hmm.
I thought Fonzie wasn't supposed
to see this boy anymore.
Well, he's not.
Oh, dear.
This whole thing reminds me of
As the World Turns.
There was a woman
had a little boy just his age.
Then she fell in love...
No, or was it as
The Edge of Night?
This young man
had a little girl.
Would you like some cocoa?
- Mm.
- Follow me.
Or was it Secret Storm?
This woman on her deathbed had
this brother who was a midget.
(knocking on door)
FONZIE:
Enter, enter.
Hi, Fonz.
Playing with your Erector set?
(laughs):
Yeah.
And if anybody hears
outside these walls...
I'm gonna reverse your lips.
- Nice bridge.
- Yeah, yeah.
Bobby and I are gonna put
some tollbooths on it, you know?
- Uh, you and Bobby?
- Yeah.
Well, I thought you weren't
supposed to see him anymore.
Hey, who's it gonna hurt?
Bobby.
Look, how does his father
stand a chance
with you hanging around
all the time, Fonz?
Bobby thinks
you're the greatest.
I think the kid
shows good taste.
I'm good for him.
Yeah, you're great
at goofing around, Fonz.
But he doesn't need
a playmate right now.
The boy needs his father.
What are you sticking up
for this man for?
He ran out on him
when he was three years old,
just like my...
Wait a second, wait a second.
Just like your father?
Oh, is that it?
Is that how you get
back at him now?
Hey, you just leave my father
out of this, okay?
He's got nothing to do with it,
you understand?
Huh?
I got along just fine
without him.
Fonz, it's different now.
Bobby's father came back.
Yeah, so?
Now he's got me and his old man.
No, no.
He can't have two fathers.
I am gonna continue to see
Kemosabe, you understand that?
He needs me.
He needs his family, Fonz.
Everybody needs a family.
I didn't need no family, pal.
Now, the case is closed.
There's the door. Use it.
Okay, bucko, I'm leaving.
But I want you to think
about something.
Just who are you trying
to get even with, huh?
Bobby's father for coming back
or your father for walking out?
You still here?
- Just think about it.
- Right.
(door slams)
I didn't need no family.
(slurping)
lwin.
I'm never gonna win.
You're great.
Thanks, Champ.
Hey, next time you give me a
three-sip start, you understand?
Yeah.
Well, there you are.
Hiya, Bobby.
Hi.
You must be Fonzie.
Hi. I'm Bobby's father.
Right.
Come on, Bobby, it's time to go.
- Where?
- Why, don't you remember?
Mom and I made plans
to take you to the park today.
I don't want to.
Oh, come on, it'll be fun.
I tell you what we do.
We'll get some cotton candy.
Nah.
Bobby, I'm your father.
Champ's more like my father.
Bobby, we're a family now.
I don't need a family.
Right, Champ?
We don't need a family?
Come on.
No, I don't want to!
I want to stay with Champ!
No!
Hey, hold it, hold it, hold it!
Where do you think
you're taking the kid?
- Fonz...
- Hey, you butt out!
You heard the kid.
The kid wants to stay
right here with me.
I can't believe
you're going through...
This is none of your business.
The kid is staying right here.
Nobody's taking my son
away from me.
Oh. yeah?
Why don't you get
some more ice cream.
Well, I guess I'm through
running away.
Yeah? You're gonna stand up,
you're gonna fight me,
right, punk, huh?
If that's what it takes
to keep my son, yes.
Why don't you take off
for three years, huh?
- Don't do that.
- Why not? Why not?
- Don't do that! Don't do that!
- Why not?
All right, all right, all right!
Don't hit me, don't hit me!
Just, uh... there's no need
for violence here.
You called my bluff,
you're cool.
Just back off.
All right, you're cool.
Hey, it's a nice day out, right?
So you go with your father,
you get some, uh, cotton candy,
go to the park.
I'll catch you later, all right?
No, you won't.
I never want to see you again!
You're no champ.
You're a scaredy cat!
Come on,
let's go to the park...
Dad.
Let's go to the park.
(mouthing)
Hey, it was just an act.
POTSIE:
Yeah.
Fonz?
I'm-I'm sorry I butted in there.
I guess I didn't know
what you were doing.
You think
he's gonna remember me?
He's gonna remember...
Champ. (chuckles)
Hey, uh, want to check out
that new bowling alley
just opened up?
The Fonz does not bowl.
Girl pin-boys.
The Fonz bowls.
Let's go, let's go,
let's go bowling!
RALPH and POTSIE:
Bowling?
Yeah, girl pin-boys.
RALPH and POTSIE:
Bowling!
This strike has gone on
far too long!
Right!
Management has failed
to compromise
on even the most basic
contractual points.
Better believe it.
For the past three years,
we've stood on this very stage
playing rock and roll
the best we knew how.
And now we need your help.
Because when the people speak,
management listens.
And that's what makes
America great!
- Yeah!
-(crowd cheering)
(chanting):
We want live music!
All right, you want live music?
CROWD:
Yeah!
Well, you got it!
♪ Ain't she sweet ♪
♪ See her walking
down the street ♪
- Oh, what the heck?
- What the heck?
♪ I ask you
very confidentially ♪
♪ Ain't she sweet ♪
- ♪ Ain't she nice... ♪
- Yes, she is!
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
♪ These happy days are
yours and mine, Happy Days! ♪
♪ Good-bye, gray sky,
hello, blue ♪
♪ There's nothing can hold me
when I hold you ♪
♪ It feels so right,
it can't be wrong ♪
♪ Rockin' and rollin'
all week long ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- ♪ Happy and free ♪
- ♪ Oh, happy days ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
- I Share them with me I
- S Oh, baby a'
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
♪ These happy days are
yours and mine, Happy Days! ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org